Doc revamp and cleanup (#2806)
dfinity/motoko: doc/modules/language-guide/pages/extrastuff.adoc

{proglang} provides:

> * A high-level language for programming applications to run on the internet computer blockchain network.

Author: ```suggestion
* A high-level language for programming applications to run on the {IC} blockchain network.
```

==== Why a new language?

The Internet Computer provides a blockchain network that can support programs written in different languages.
The only requirement is that the program must support compilation to WebAssembly code.
WebAssembly (commonly-abbreviated as Wasm) is a low-level computer instruction format for virtual machines.

> Because WebAssembly code is designed to provide portable low-level instructions that enable applications to be deployed on many platforms such as the web, it is a natural fit for deploying applications that are intended to run on the internet computer blockchain network.

Author: ```suggestion
Because WebAssembly code is designed to provide portable low-level instructions that enable applications to be deployed on many platforms such as the web, it is a natural fit for deploying applications that are intended to run on the {IC}.
```
